A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly of imagery and hypnotic music composed by Philip Glass .
At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .
Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
-LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
Remains a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand .
Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .
Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?
If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
Asia authors herself as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy .
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
Bennett 's dramatization of her personal descent into post-breakup perdition has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time the movie feels authentic .
George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke -LRB- Octopus 2 : River of Fear -RRB- has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
-LRB- Anderson -RRB- uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .
This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
Bourne , Jason Bourne .
This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man .
Stevenson 's performance is at once clueless and fiercely committed , a volatile combination .
Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony .
Possession is Elizabeth Barrett Browning meets Nancy Drew , and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute .
The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan
Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
-LRB- A -RRB- Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -LRB- but -RRB- Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .
Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
` Charly ' will divide its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy ...
Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely !
A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
Dolgin and Franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .
Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
This horror-comedy does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira 's hooters .
Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .
A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
The AM-radio soundtrack and game cast -- Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially -- keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
-LRB- A -RRB- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
It is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
The movie is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife .
Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .
But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
It 's -LRB- Ricci 's -RRB- best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
Highlights are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
-LRB- Howard -RRB- so good as Leon Barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
Smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
If the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
It 's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .
Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
Even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from Hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
Everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
U.S. audiences may find -LRB- Attal and Gainsbourg 's -RRB- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
What happens to John Q ?
This charmless nonsense ensues amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated .
Consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
There is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life -- only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate .
When -LRB- De Palma 's -RRB- bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .
In the end , Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little social context .
If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .
I would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
Yes , one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch , but her love for the philandering Philip only diminishes her stature .
Literally nothing in The Pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980 's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China .
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
The story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
You see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes .
This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring .
Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies .
It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
Arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
There 's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version .
Anthony Hopkins ?
Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
Ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke .
Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams .
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie .
There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
The final result makes for adequate entertainment , I suppose , but anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
It 's fun , but a psychological mess , with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet .
I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood .
-LRB- It 's -RRB- a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk .
As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
Why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?
Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly -LRB- like one of Hubert 's punches -RRB- , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring .
If you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .
Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .
What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender .
With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .
-LRB- Davis -RRB- has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
A ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
What would Jesus do if He was a film director ?
Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful .
The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .
One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and\/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
Director Dirk Shafer and co-writer Greg Hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
If Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .
Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
Melanie eventually slugs the Yankee .
The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
Lawrence preaches strictly to the converted .
As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .
-LRB- It 's -RRB- difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .
Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
To portray modern women the way director Davis has done is just unthinkable .
If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son , they 'd come up with something like Bart Freundlich 's World Traveler .
A tough go , but Leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .
Ben Affleck as Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero ?
Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge .
The parts are better than the whole -LRB- bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York -RRB- .
While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand , Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .
Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun .
Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ?
Madonna still ca n't act a lick .
Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .
But in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .
Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .
-LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- movie about morally compromised figures leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story .
After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna .
Never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
A baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie -LRB- Woody Allen -RRB- has made in the last twenty years .
This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away ?
But director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick -LRB- remember Cabin Boy ? -RRB-
Screenwriters Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster .
Sorry , Charlie
And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
-LRB- Two -RRB- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst ...
The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
The film seems all but destined to pop up on a television screen in the background of a scene in a future Quentin Tarantino picture
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive .
This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
To enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns , you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .
Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance .
Johnson has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .
George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
However clever Nelson has been in providing variation within the confines of her structure and staging , the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .
The rest of the plot is impossible to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense De Palma creates .
A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -LRB- k -RRB- statement .
It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .
-LRB- Morgan -RRB- , Judd and Franklin ca n't save the script , rooted in a novel by Joseph Finder , from some opportunism .
Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him ?
I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .
A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .
Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
-LRB- Newton -RRB- wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide .
The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .
A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
