At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
... an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs .
It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
-LRB- A -RRB- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
If the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
Everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
Literally nothing in The Pool is new , but if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980 's this one should appease you for 90 minutes .
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
There 's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version .
A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .
With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
A ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes .
How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .
The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
But in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away ?
Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
Only a few minutes elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry .
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .
What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 -LRB- k -RRB- statement .
With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
