Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
-LRB- A -RRB- superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
-LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .
Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .
If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything .
Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
With recent tensions rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept. 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .
With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
The most remarkable -LRB- and frustrating -RRB- thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan , is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .
With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
-LRB- Allen 's -RRB- been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now .
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
