Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
Polished Korean political-action film is just as good -- and bad -- as Hollywood action epics .
The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
-LRB- A -RRB- Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... -LRB- but -RRB- Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
Even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from Hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
U.S. audiences may find -LRB- Attal and Gainsbourg 's -RRB- unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China .
This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring .
It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
The final result makes for adequate entertainment , I suppose , but anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk .
The film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
The parts are better than the whole -LRB- bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York -RRB- .
While the film shuns the glamour or glitz that an American movie might demand , Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .
Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .
-LRB- Two -RRB- fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .
Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance .
I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
